1.0b31 (unreleased)
===================


1.0b30 (2019-03-27)
===================

- Significantly improved the performance of the ``PLDCorrector`` feature for systematics removal. [#470]

- Improved the normalization of the result returned by ``Periodogram.smooth(method='logmedian')``. [#453]

- Improved the visualization of NaN values in ``TargetPixelFile.plot()``. [#455]

- Various minor bug fixes. [#448, #450, #463, #471]



1.0b29 (2019-02-14)
===================

- The ``search_tesscut(...).download()`` feature now supports downloading rectangular TESS FFI cut-outs. It previously only supported squares. [#441]

- Fixed a bug which prevented ``search_tesscut(...).download_all()`` from downloading all sectors. [#440]

- Minor bug fixes and performance improvements. [#439, #446]



1.0b28 (2019-02-09)
===================

Changes
-------

- Simplified the installation of Lightkurve by turning several packages into
  optional rather than required dependencies (``celerite``, ``pybind``,
  ``scikit-learn``, and ``bokeh``). [#436]

- Added ``search_tesscut()``: an easy interface to access data produced using
  the `MAST TESSCut service <https://mast.stsci.edu/tesscut/>`_. This service
  extracts Target Pixel Files (TPFs) from TESS Full Frame Images (FFIs). [#418]

- Added ``TargetPixelFile.interact_sky()``: an interactive Bokeh widget to
  overlay Gaia DR2 source positions on top of TPFs. [#124]

- Changed ``LightCurve.fold()``: the ``transit_midpoint`` parameter has been
  deprecated in favor of the ``t0`` parameter. [#419]

Bugfixes
--------

- Made ``BoxLeastSquaresPeriodogram`` robust against light curves that contain
  NaNs. [#432]

- ``TargetPixelFile.wcs`` now works for Target Pixel Files produced using the
  MAST TessCut service. [#434]



1.0b26 (2019-02-04)
===================

- Introduced a new layout for the
  ``online documentation <https://docs.lightkurve.org>``_. [#360, #400, #406]

- Added ``LightCurve.interact_bls()``: an interactive Bokeh widget to find
  planets using the Box Least Squares (BLS) method. [#401]

- Added ``LombScarglePeriodogram`` and ``BoxLeastSquarePeriodogam`` sub-classes
  to distinguish periodograms generated using different methods. [#403]

- Added the ``PLDCorrector`` class to remove instrument systematics using the
  Pixel Level Decorrelation (PLD) method. [#305]

- Added the ``TargetPixelFile.to_corrector()`` convenience method to make
  systematics correction classes easy to access. [#305]

- Refactored ``SFFCorrector`` to make its API consistent with ``PLDCorrector``,
  and deprecated the ``LightCurve.correct()`` method in favor of
  ``LightCurve.to_corrector()``. [#408, #417]

- Made ``SFFCorrector`` robust against light curves that contain big gaps in
  time. [#414]

- Minor bug fixes. [#392, #397, #420]

- Increased the unit test coverage. [#387, #388]



1.0b25 (2018-12-14)
===================

- The ``TargetPixelFile.interact()`` bokeh app now includes a ``Save Lightcurve`` button [#329].

- Fixed a minor bug in ``LightCurve.bin()`` [#377].



1.0b24 (2018-12-10)
===================

- Added support for TESS to ``search_targetpixelfile()`` and ``search_lightcurvefile()``  [#367].

- Added support for data generated by the `TESScut service <https://mast.stsci.edu/tesscut/>`_ [#369, #375].

- Removed "Impulsive outliers" from the default set of quality constraints applied to TESS data [#374].

- ``LightCurve.flatten()`` is now more robust against outliers [#372].

- ``LightCurve.fold()`` now takes a ``transit_midpoint`` parameter instead of the ``phase`` parameter [#361, #363].

- Various minor bugfixes [#372].



1.0b23 (2018-11-30)
===================

- ``TargetPixelFile.create_threshold_mask()`` now only returns one contiguous mask, which is configurable using the new ``reference_pixel`` argument [#345].

- ``TargetPixelFile.interact()``: now requires ``Bokeh v1.0`` or later [#355].

- ``utils.detect_filetype()`` automatically detects Kepler or TESS Target Pixel Files and Light Curve files [#340, #350, #356].

- ``LightCurve.estimate_cdpp()``: the argument ``sigma_clip`` was renamed into ``sigma`` [#359].

- Fixed minor bugs in ``LightCurve.to_pandas()`` [#343], ``LightCurve.correct()`` [#347], ``FoldedLightCurve.errorbar()`` [#352], ``LightCurve.fold()`` [#353].

- Documentation improvements [#344, #358].

- Increased the unit test coverage [#351].



1.0b22 (2018-11-17)
===================

- ``lightkurve.open()`` was added to provide a single function to read in any light curve or target pixel file from Kepler or TESS and return the appropriate object [#317].

- The ``from_fits()`` methods have been deprecated in favor of ``lightkurve.open()`` [#336].

- The ``lightkurve.mast`` module has been removed in favor of the new ``lightkurve.search`` module.

- Various small bugfixes, speed-ups, and documentation improvements [#314, #315, #322, #323, #325, #331, #334, #335].



1.0b21 (2018-10-29)
===================

- The ``from_archive()`` methods of ``KeplerTargetPixelFile`` and ``KeplerLightCurveFile`` have been deprecated in favor of the new ``search_targetpixelfile()`` and ``search_lightcurvefile()`` functions.  These allow users to inspect the results of their queries and offer more powerful features, e.g. cone-searches.  If you are currently using ``tpf = KeplerTargetPixelFile.from_archive("objectname")``, please start using ``tpf = search_targetpixelfile("objectname").download()`` instead.

- ``TargetPixelFile`` objects can now be indexed and sliced. [#308]

- The default number of ``windows`` used by the SFF systematics removal algorithm has been changed from 1 to 10. [#312]

- Various small bug fixes and unit test improvements.



1.0b20 (2018-10-16)
===================

- We adopted a rule that all method names must include a verb, and all class properties must be a noun [#286].  As a result, we renamed the following methods:

  * ``LightCurve.cdpp()`` is now ``LightCurve.estimate_cdpp()``

  * ``LightCurve.periodogram()`` is now ``LightCurve.to_periodogram()``

  * ``LichtCurve.properties()`` is now ``LightCurve.show_properties()``

  * ``TargetPixelFile.aperture_photometry()`` is now ``TargetPixelFile.extract_aperture_photometry()``

  * ``TargetPixelFile.centroids()`` is now ``TargetPixelFile.estimate_centroids()``

  * ``TargetPixelFile.header()`` is now a property.

- Added ``Periodogram.smooth()`` [#288].

- ``Periodogram.estimate_snr()`` was renamed to ``Periodogram.p.flatten()`` [#290].

- Lightkurve can now read in light curve files produced using ``LightCurveFile.to_fits()`` [#297].



1.0b19 (2018-10-10)
===================

- The ``Periodogram`` class has been refactored;

- The ``LightCurve.remove_outliers()`` method now accepts ``sigma_lower`` and ``sigma_upper`` parameters.
